New York City home to Super Bowl xlviii
you know some people think I have a bias
against this city not true
I gotta say I love it and it loves me
youto you ain't the Yankees great
the giant we hate you you guys want to
take that again it's always a treat to
be back here in New York City
greatest city greatest I can't do this
with the honking what's great about New
York is you can go just about anywhere
and take in some culture yeah we have
some great exhibits right now at the Met
like the American West and bronze and q4
your bias against the Yankees you
looking forward to this year's Super
Bowl I'm really looking forward to
counter all right good well that yeah my
friend meet your garbage voice and does
it himself it's way better one of the
fun things about New York City is
there's so many people from so many
different cultures people who might not
even know about me or that the big games
coming here sir did you even know that
Super Bowl xlviii was here this week I
sorry I don't say English I know only
you Joe Buck New York is a great city
and what's a great city without great
people and I got to tell you the people
of New York love me
some people can get a little drunk
around here it's a big city I'm just
trying to ruin your shoot with my piss
your hates you Joe Buck we hate you toe
pop it's always a treat didn't put a lot
of work in a hating New York City the
food the site
are you freaking kidding me a whole
pizza one of the great things about this
city is you're never too far away from
Central Park
where you can just go and gather right
he was you in a famous scene Lewis
landmark like Forest Park or Compton
Hill Reservoir Park or the tower grove
house built in 18-49 for Henry Shaw how
do you know a lot about st. Louis
anof from there man ya know I'm Duke
Finn yeah I was between your dad's till
he was great oh great thanks that's nice
appreciate ya know your dad you you're a
PC bro woof I got pizza over Jagga we
didn't do